fix(adminmanual): Recommend basic auth over NTLM for Exchange (#10461)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/configuration_server/email_configuration.rst

.. warning:: There were changes to the 3rd party mailer library in Nextcloud 26:
    
    * STARTTLS cannot be enforced. It will be used automatically if the mail server supports it. The encryption type should be set to 'None' in this case. See :ref:`here<TLSPeerVerification>` for an example on how to configure self signed certificates.

>     * NTLM authentication for Microsoft Exchange is not supported by the new mailer library. Use `basic authentication <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/exchange-web-services/authentication-and-ews-in-exchange#basic-authentication>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * NTLM authentication for Microsoft Exchange is not supported by the new mailer library. Try `basic authentication <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/exchange-web-services/authentication-and-ews-in-exchange#basic-authentication>`_ instead.
```
